It's that versatility that defines these singers, the ability to make following seem as important as leading.
The documentary tells similarly poignant stories in a fast-paced 91 minutes through interviews, contemporary concert footage and great archival stuff.
As long as you're hearing the singing and stories of Lisa Fischer, Merry Clayton, and the great Darlene Love, you can bliss out on their passion.
The movie takes its cues from Standing in the Shadows of Motown, another act of pop-culture revisionism that tried to give musical credit where it was due.
Just about everything in this movie is right. And anybody who gives a rip about unsung heroines of popular music and giving credit when credit's overdue had better come up with a good excuse not to see it.
You may never hear the Rolling Stones's Gimme Shelter the same way again after hearing Jagger's and Clayton's separate accounts of the recording of the song.
Smart, thoughtful docu shines light on background singers.
When you stop to realise what these girls have done to enrich your life, only for one to become a cleaner and another to start teaching Spanish, your tears will be real.
Joyous and uplifting ...
20 Feet from Stardom, this year's Oscar-winner for Best Documentary, is both rousing, upbeat fare... and a film steeped in a strange sense of yearning and regret.
Morgan Neville's hugely enjoyable, Oscar-winning documentary celebrates the unsung heroes who helped make some of popular music's most celebrated songs and albums special.
Consciously avoiding a Dreamgirls vibe that suggests their failure was a showbiz tragedy, Neville lets his subjects unabashedly strut their stuff.
Twenty Feet From Stardom is an illuminating and hugely entertaining documentary with important, far-reaching messages to boot.
This hugely enjoyable film puts Love and others up front and centre, where we feel they belong.
Entertaining and uplifting, this Oscar-winning documentary tells the unknown story of the back-up singers who made classic records so memorable.
An enjoyable arts feature with its heart in the right place ...
Such a great idea for a documentary, and such a surprise to realise that it has never been done before.
As directed by Morgan Neville, who obviously adores these women, it's their hopes and disappointments, triumphs and heartbreaks and fabulous, passionate personalities that takes this film to another level, and will take you with it.
This is a musical field of dreams high in corn, but also, sometimes, in the epiphanic empowerment and wonder of stardom conferred.
A warm and fitting tribute to talented singers.
A highly entertaining musical history lesson that could (and should) just boost a few careers into the bargain.
Nostalgia is an integral part of the formula here, with familiar tracks (and voices) chiming to reams of archive material that are cut together with infectious rhythm and zip by director Morgan Neville.
A crowdpleaser that also tells an important story about showbiz, it's fab. You'll come out singing.
, Morgan Neville's soul-stirring celebration of backing vocalists is a bona fide crowd-pleaser with substance to match.
You rush to Spotify to hear more of their songs post-credits.
This must-see documentary for any fan of modern pop music introduces us to the extraordinary women you didn't know were behind some of the songs you know by heart.
