It's the English Civil War on magic mushrooms!
A Field In England is mad monochrome mayhem that's utterly hypnotic.
It's about shifting power games, mostly, and suggests a period film made by Samuel Beckett in one of his more playful moods.
A challenging piece of work to be sure, due for eventual midnight-movie cultdom.
"A Field in England" tosses fascinating ingredients into its bubbling pot, and while the resulting dish - a blend of historical action drama, character study and psychedelic kaleidoscope - doesn't entirely cohere, it gives off a pungent aroma.
Do you have to fully "understand" a film to enjoy it? No. Case in point: this movie.
The trippiest historical horror film ever made?
And now for something completely different: a black comedy set in 17th-century England at the time of the Civil War and given a lift with some psilocybin mushrooms. Oliver Cromwell, meet Timothy Leary.
This is one nutty movie.
[A Field in England] demonstrates how genuinely spellbinding cinema can be when it's wielded by an artist who doesn't so much play by his own rules as forego such restrictions entirely.
This is a deeply, at times exclusively visceral movie. It aims to wring out, mind-eff and visually beat up its viewers, and perhaps cast a malevolent spell in the process.
Shot in a mere 12 days, A Field in England feels like a film both Ingmar Bergman and Ken Russell could drool over.
Your enjoyment of the movie will be directly dependent upon your willingness to surrender to the strange.
The maddest thing about this mad, mad movie: it has no reason to be consistent. But somehow it is.
As the story reaches an anguished kind of climax, so too does Wheatley go full Kubrick, abandoning narrative entirely for a sequence of full-blown psychotropic madness.
Complaints that very little actually happens in A Field in England are misdirected, in that it's a movie in which everything that matters takes place between the ears, both before and after the 'shrooms begin working their mind-warping magic
