How sick can fans of a celebrity get? Very, answers "Antiviral." Imagine fan fetish culture metastasizing. A pox on consumers and capitalists alike, Brandon Cronenberg sneers.
With an obsession for close-ups of needles piercing skin, Antiviral leaves one with a OCD-style desire to wash ones hands... the overreaching success of the film lies in its believable depiction of a culture slowly rotting at the core.
The script is thin but effectively creepy as it examines contemporary pop culture obsessions while maximizing the queasy close-ups of needles, blood and medical procedures.
Our Lindsay Lohan-obsessed culture gets its comeuppance in this surgically precise satire.
Brandon (son of David) Cronenberg demonstrates that the diseased tumor doesn't fall far from the infected corpse, so to speak: He's delivered a movie of smart, satirical science-fiction concepts and disturbing, sometimes bloody images.
A gutsy, notable debut for a young filmmaker who needs to find a unique voice to match his unique ideas.
The metaphors are maybe too clear (there's a food product grown from celebrity muscle cells), but the filmmaking is solid, using a nearly monochrome palette for its sleek dystopia.
Originality is a rare commodity in art, so when something fresh and unexpected comes my way, it's cause for celebration. Brandon Cronenberg's Antiviral is cause for celebration.
Cronenberg Jnr has created a reality that makes the skin crawl. Satire, horror and sci-fi meld into one delectably gruesome tale in which Caleb Landry Jones' pasty protagonist spends most of the film clutching a thermometer, syringe and a vial of blood
Cronenberg Jnr has created a reality that makes the skin crawl. Satire, horror and sci-fi meld into one delectably gruesome tale in which Caleb Landry Jones' pasty protagonist spends most of the film clutching a thermometer, syringe and a vial of blood
Undoubtedly a challenging watch, but it's helped greatly by beautiful cinematography and music.
Sick, stomach-churning, satirical sci-fi - and the many distastefully visceral syringe scenes are not for the squeamish.
