It's all rendered in 3D, with the archival footage reformatted; you'll feel the Everest chill and gape at the astonishing vistas.
Recalled in the somewhat breathless History Channel-style voice-overs of the participants and their families, the journey was a triumph of guts, perseverance, endurance, ingenuity and teamwork.
This absorbing account of the first recorded summit of the world's highest mountain is a rare documentary for which re-enactments make complete sense.
Beyond The Edge brilliantly blends archival footage and reconstructions provide an engrossing, if sometimes dry, retelling of a breathtaking achievement.
...cinematography is magnificent, the scenery stunningly beautiful, and the recreations are woven into the narrative so seamlessly that they are almost unnoticeable...one of the best mountain-climbing movies.
Through gorgeous archival footage and new re-creations, thrillingly places us amidst the first successful summit of Everest in 1953, taking true advantage of 3D to offer us dazzling mountain vistas.
Beyond The Edge captures a vivid sense of the expedition's achievements in a conscientious, 3D documentary-drama.
It's a testament to the film-making that, despite the fact that we know the outcome, there's a great sense of relief when they finally reach the summit.
Despite the scenes featuring Moffitt and Tenzing were sometimes awkward and the inclusion of 3D not adding much to the overall viewing experience, Beyond The Edge is an enjoyable, informative and sometime-stunning docu-film.
This is genuinely inspirational stuff, and then some.
It is a well-constructed, detailed, surprisingly tense account of the journey - physical and psychological - that led them there [the final ascent].
Matthew Metcalfe as co-writer/producer and Leanne Pooley as co-writer/director have created a tense, detailed account of a history-making expedition that is riveting and informative, it's absolutely fascinating.
Using re-enactment techniques together with archival footage, Leanne Pooley has literally assembled a film of great interest, using cinema as binoculars into the past. The seamless merging of past and present footage is both disconcerting and revealing
