Lives constructed on pretense can only stand for so long. Watching them collapse is appalling but undeniably entertaining.
A sharply observed, post-economic crash comedy-drama that boasts a formidable performance by Cate Blanchett and addresses such pertinent real-world concerns as class, gender and corporate criminality in urban America.
You have to dig deep in Allen's back catalogue to find a single performance as affecting and well-judged as the one Cate Blanchett delivers.
It's narratively uneven but the occasional lapses of focus are rescued by Cate Blanchett's riveting lead performance.
This also benefits from one of the strongest casts he's assembled in years: Cate Blanchett is exceptional in the lead, and there are strong supporting turns from Alec Baldwin, Sally Hawkins, and (in a surprise dramatic turn) Andrew Dice Clay.
Jasmine resembles one of those '50s wives -- widowed or dumped -- who find themselves with nary a skill to survive, or at least not in the manner they'd grown accustomed.
Blanchett is impressive as a woman constantly teetering on the edge of collapse; there's a perpetual sense something tragic simmers beneath her constructed facade.
Jasmine is a cautionary virago for anyone who's ever witnessed a friend unknowingly muttering just within earshot, just within the frame of reality. Jasmine's headlong fall is fearsome, lugubrious, and ultimately, exasperating.
Darkly funny, often in a laugh out loud, self-deprecating way, but it also doubles as a cautionary tale.
Blue Jasmine captures a manic and delusional woman attempting to rebuild herself after a prodigal life she received, but never deserved.
Blanchett's performance is fascinating. She's an Ingmar Bergman figure yanked straight out of Tennessee Williams.
Jasmine is a good movie, one of Allen's best in years, but the draw here is Blanchett, whose performance takes an off-putting character and makes her surprisingly, um ... not quite on-putting, but riveting.
Allen creates a clever and intriguing intersection of lives, relationships and anxieties, all balancing on the ready-to-pop balloon of Jasmine's psychoses.
Blanchett embraces the Blanche DuBois-like nature of the character yet manages to reach Vivien Leigh-like levels of histrionics in much more subtle and naturalistic ways.
In its basic situation can be heard the distant clang of A Streetcar Named Desire, though it's neither pastiche nor reprise, just a quietly respectful tribute.
[Woody Allen's] spin through Tennessee Williams territory, where he has never gone before, seems fresh in the hands of an expert cast.
The whole is less than the sum of its parts, though some parts (especially Blanchett's performance) are well worth watching.
