Saulnier is also a cinematographer, and he's in complete control of the film's conflation of human-scale horror and tragicomedy.
Blair, an unheralded actor, carries the whole picture. He's in practically every scene, and his performance is fascinating because in his eyes you can see the character struggling desperately with himself.
Saulnier makes impressive use of silence and slow camera movements, allowing the suspense to simmer until violence seems practically inevitable.
Saulnier spills a lot of blood, but he's an extraordinarily responsible and appealing craftsman.
You couldn't ask for a more unlikely avenger than the ill-equipped sort-of hero of Blue Ruin, and that's precisely why it's far, far more suspenseful than the typical violent revenge thriller.
A riveting revenge thriller written and directed by Jeremy Saulnier and built around a singular performance by Macon Blair.
We understand that Dwight's mission of revenge is juvenile and indefensible, but Blair manages to make us root for him nonetheless.
The everyday suburbs and wilderness of Virginia come to life as places of rustic beauty and grim reality.
A prismatically efficient thriller.
A hauntingly memorable, even thoughtful shoot-'em-up. [Blu-ray]
It's a smart, bloody thriller that keeps springing weird new directions on you.
[A]n atmospheric, elegant piece, a more delicate, intriguingly nervous piece of pulp noir.
... a quietly powerful low-budget revenge thriller that gradually reveals secrets about its characters to ratchet up the tension.
A crafty little thriller that will have you on the edge of your seat--in all the ways that are good and familiar.
...a genre film, but it's not an empty-headed one. It's accessible in the same way Jim Thompson's crime novels are ...
Blue Ruin redefines the revenge picture. It continually creates moments of hold-your-breath suspense.
Blue Ruin is violent but it impressively avoids the glorification of bloodshed; instead, [director Jeremy] Saulnier deftly shows just how terrifying, unnerving, sad and awful it is to take a life.
Saulnier works intelligent and engrossing variations on the revenge thriller.
A tight, taut, suspenseful little thriller...offering an effective series of tension-building sequences punctuated by outbursts of violent action.
Though coloured by indie sensibilities, Blue Ruin offers the momentum of hard-edged pulp and the viscera of full-on exploitation cinema.
...a rueful repudiation of the adage that revenge is sweet.
Upends genre expectations by placing an unskilled, often hapless and physically undistinguished Everyman in the violent 'revenge' role that a Hollywood movie typically would assign to an invulnerable tough guy played by the likes of Liam Neeson...
