A movie that is, in the best sense of the word, a Marvel.
Beneath the expensive, computer-generated busyness of this second Captain America installment is a bracing, old-style conspiracy thriller made extra-scary by new technology and the increasingly ugly trade-offs of a post-9/11 world.
If Captain America: The Winter Soldier is indeed an augur of things to come during this special-effects-laden summer, maybe it won't be such a painful season after all.
This is the first Marvel Studios movie since the original Iron Man that really stands on its own.
In "Winter Soldier," amidst the chaos, our hero learns to be wary of the modern world. Welcome to the 21st century, Cap.
With Chris Evans charismatic as ever in the lead, and a good supporting cast, The Winter Soldier is a welcome addition to Marvel's ever-expanding canon.
The Captain America movies are well suited to mix and match time periods with a comic-book-y flair, and this one makes a neat counterpoint to the WWII fisticuffs of The First Avenger.
Winter Soldier has enough intrigue to satisfy fans and a Heat-style street battle cements it as a stand-alone thriller, albeit one which doesn't really reflect how 'winter soldiers' were 1970s' Vietnam veterans concerned about US war crimes.
...it's one of the best the genre has ever seen and takes Marvel's cinematic endeavors in a more complex, serious, and dramatic direction.
What starts as a terrific and grounded little thriller becomes less interesting as it gets less "little".
Satisfying as a standalone adventure without sacrificing continuity ...
The best Marvel film to date explores government overreach, the real and perceived threats to national security and how true American values will always win out over false ones.
Scarlett Johansson's sassy, snarky Black Widow provides some of the film's best moments, delivering quips and backflips with equal panache.
Much better than the first in the series. In fact, it was better as action and better as social commentary. If like me you go with few expectations, you will be delighted.
"'The Winter Soldier' not only satisfies with its plentiful action scenes, it also offers some intriguing commentary on the current political and world climate, and turns out to be a sterling character piece."
...has a nice push and pull going on, between nostalgia for a time gone by and a piercing, contemporary relevance.
I salute you, 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier.'
It's a sequel with great substance and one of the finest action movies of the year.
'Winter Soldier' is a layered and paranoid espionage thriller, what you'd get if John le Carre took a stab at the superhero genre.
A solid example of meat-and-potatoes popcorn filmmaking--befitting that most meat-and-potatoes of comic book heroes.
Gives an adult tilt to the Marvel Comics world
Proving his mettle in a story with a darker tone, Captain America: The Winter Soldier is an excellent chapter in the Marvel canon.
