Brian Epstein needed someone to run the nascent Official Beatles Fan Club. Freda, just 17, got the job.
In this charming insider account, Kelly traces her history with the band from the very early days until after their split.
[A] delightful documentary ...
[Gives] insight into a rare, innocent time in rock history when a scrap of pillowcase that cradled a mop-top singer or an autographed photo were all fans needed to feel close to their idols.
Although this music documentary has some historic value, it aims to entertain -- and succeeds, largely because its subject is a natural on camera.
...the film captures a woman who lives daily with the knowledge that she bears part of history.
...This is Freda narrating her own story as the no-nonsense Liverpool woman she is...illustrated with lots of archival materials to take the viewer along on her journey.
Just when you thought there couldn't be any more documentaries about the Beatles, here is one about a woman who has kept a low profile. There are no big revelations in this film, just a different perspective on the band.
Not everyone will view it as an informational feast, but Beatle fans will eat it up like jam butties.
Kelly is what makes Good Ol' Freda such an involving film when it covers otherwise well-traveled Beatles lore.
The genial pic, about a wonderful person, is a good watch for Beatle fans.
The film gets by, if only barely, on Freda's good humor and lack of pretense.
If you have any interest in Liverpool's most noted hitmakers, go see this film. But just don't expect to find too many revelations about the Fabsters.
... slight movie that exists largely because of the goodwill of its subject, who never felt impelled to convert her proximity to greatness into monetary success, or even much notoriety.
Good Ol' Freda feels like a peek behind the curtain of one of the biggest bands in history. If this is the last true story of The Beatles, then it's a remarkable tale full of magnificent triumphs, devotion, sorrow, and maturity.
The fact that [Freda] related to the group's female fans because she was one of them is this documentary's calling card, but not many fans can open a box in their attic and pull out an envelope labeled 'This is George Harrison's real hair.'
Even without new information or salacious details, this is a story Beatles fans will enjoy.
At first glance hinting maybe condescension in the title, ' Good Ol' Freda' really does anything but, those three little words being the lads' fond reference to her.
