He talks a lot about his two wives. This makes Hawking unusually revealing, because his life has almost always been framed in terms of his mental brilliance.
As billed, an intimate look at a genius, but the science gets a major haircut here.
The lasting takeaway from the film is how much there is to this man.
The focus is on Hawking's scientific achievements and celebrity status at the expense of much emotional content, but it's hardly fair to expect a warts-and-all portrait
The movie has the typical mix of interviews and archival pictures, serving mostly linear storytelling, with hardly a frame of surprising or pretty filmmaking. Maybe creativity can take a rest when you're letting an oddly charismatic genius have his say.
If the film feels at times like a geeky version of MTV's Cribs, it's also a fascinating telling of Hawking's unusual life.
It's involving, but the straightforward approach doesn't say much that we don't already know.
An engaging documentary about the world-famous physicist that emphasizes the challenges of his personal life and the resilience of his humor and spirit.
Hawking emerges from this as an inspirational man; with such a colossus, Finnigan could have afforded to be more questioning.
Si monumentum requiris, see this film.
It marshals its facts thoughtfully, and makes a decent stab at presenting a whole man - flawed yet unique. On its own terms, as a modest Brief History, it's fascinating.
Stephen Hawking proves to be an entertaining storyteller in this autobiographical documentary in which, with the help of two cowriters, he takes us on a trip through his life.
Engaging and moving documentary that takes an informative trip through Hawking's life and career and gains credence from being told in Hawking's own words ...
Smartly crafted. An engaging, inspirational portrait of as unlikely an iconic figure as the last half-century has produced.
A genuinely three-dimension life portrayal of an extraordinary mind.
As a biopic, Hawking favours depth at the expense of breadth, but it does so with insight and elegance.
Fascinating and deeply moving. Brings out Hawking's humility, warmth and wit. The best doc about Stephen Hawking ever made.
