Hats off to Dreamworks for offering some bold surprises in a respectable sequel filled with moments of humour and emotion among its ample noise and movement.
The writer and director Dean DeBlois takes the comedy to a deeper, more satisfying place than he did in the original franchise-launching animated film.
Overlong and overly busy but more emotionally powerful than its predecessor.
The entire film is a romance -- visually, parentally, ecologically. It's got the emotional, humorous, exciting sweep you want from a summer movie.
Although there are times when bits of the movie feel extraneous, the production as a whole comes across more like an organic extension of the original tale than something tacked on purely to score at the box office.
It's clear that [director Dean DeBlois] took inspiration from the first Star Wars trilogy - not a bad model for breathing new life, and yes, a bit of fire, into one of Hollywood's more nuanced animated franchises.
Continues a very compelling mythology I hope carries in to the third film.
With multi Oscar-nominated British cinematographer Roger Deakins (Skyfall) advising, DreamWorks' visual work is stunning, but the story feels fragmented by the mixture of strange accents and additional sub-plots.
A command of genre creativity blended with human insight.
How to Train Your Dragon 2 isn't just a great sequel, a great animated spectacle, or a great example of successful franchise-expansion/world-building. How to Train Your Dragon 2 is flat-out great film, period
It's a rare sequel - animated or otherwise - that expands the story of its predecessor without rehashing it, and an even rarer family-oriented film that manages to be fun and mature without being condescending to its audience. [It] does both.
With writer-director Dean DeBlois back at the helm, the sequel feels like a solid continuation of the first movie.
Here and there, it's as if the mythology of Tolkien has been filtered through the imagery of Miyazaki.
Bigger and even richer than the terrific 2010 hit animation, this sequel is also quite possibly the best action-adventure movie of the year.
A triumph that soars far beyond a lazy re-tread of the original. It is altogether darker, richer and more complex.
Funny, big-hearted and - as you'd expect - a visual feast, this a family film in every sense and one to be lapped-up by both kids and grown-ups alike.
The characters in this movie are charmers. They've got me so well-trained, I'm even looking forward to HTTYD3.
It has a richness that's highly compelling, especially in the way it explores the complex relationship between man and beast.
The filmmakers borrow freely from Avatar, Sword In The Stone and even Brave but they bring enough vigour and imagination to their storytelling to get away with it.
The sequel doesn't attempt to take things in a completely new direction, choosing instead to expand its world and characters with great success.
This swooping and soaring sequel boasts big thrills, innovative set-pieces and a surprisingly radical political outlook.
Textures and gestures are brilliantly rendered, the body language saying more about the characters and their relationships than any words ...
Despite the unimaginative title, How To Train Your Dragon 2 arrives full of its predecessor's invention, wit and flair.
Bigger, braver and even more visually rewarding than the original, it's an ambitious attempt to extend the scope of its predecessor without sacrificing the charm, humour and excitement that made that so appealing.
