What at first seems formulaic comedy gains a deeper resonance as we see how they represent two responses to cruelty and injustice -- first outrage, and with time, eventually, forgiveness.
It's smart and unsweetened.
Even as Philomena embraces the expected feel-good dynamics, it avoids taking the usual path and doesn't paint all of the "evil" nuns with the same brush.
We wouldn't care about any of this if the performances were weak. But both actors find complexity and depth.
At its core, this clever, wrenching, profound story underscores the tenacity of faith in the face of unfathomable cruelty.
Director Steven Frears deserves special mention. A lesser filmmaker could so easily have turned this project into mushy, sentimental junk. The tear-jerking moments here are heartfelt and real. It's the kind of filmmaking we see too little of today.
Dench and Cooper could do this stuff in their sleep and keep us entertained, which they do, but it's the nuanced twists and turns in both the characters and the story that elevate the picture beyond the familiar.
I'd be a grouch to call the two leads anything but delightful, and they both stretch in directions you mightn't expect.
Director Frears handles the story with enough dramatic weight and light comic fare to make "Philomena" a sweet and very compelling human tale...
Be not fooled by the marketing materials, which make the film look like an aged-up version of The Trip with Judi Dench in place of Rob Brydon. Philomena is a terrifically made, entertaining work.
Dench is brilliant as the adult Philomena. In spite of her generally outgoing appearance there is a sadness behind her eyes born of five decades of heartbreak.
Despite the glum subject, Coogan and Dench raise plenty of smiles as the unlikeliest of couples.
Equal parts uplifting tearjerker, odd-couple comedy, and righteous screed against abuse of power in the name of religion
It's a film with depth, tackling big issues while managing to be an immensely personal story at the same time.
Earns its heartwarming-ness honestly, with Dench and Coogan mouthing the dialogue with utter believability.
As much a poignant meditation on motherhood lost as a searing indictment of the Catholic Church's antiquated attitude about what might be in the best interests of an adopted child.
Dench triumphs in tale of a search for a son
Very nicely balanced and unexpectedly moving.
As much a poignant meditation on motherhood lost as a searing indictment of the Catholic Church's antiquated attitude about what might be in the best interests of an adopted child.
Not only is the film an interesting real-life drama, it also works as a buddy comedy thanks to the versatile performances of both Steve Coogan and Judi Dench.
A great story as well as the greatest pairing of a male nonbeliever an a female believer since "The African Queen".
A beautiful, moving story, directed with unhurried, unforced grace by veteran Stephen Frears (The Queen; High Fidelity). If, at the end of this film, you don't at least get a little misty-eyed, please check your pulse: you might already be dead.
Flawless performances and the perfect blend of pathos and humour ensures this is a crowd-pleaser in the best sense of the word.
Lovingly crafted and beautifully told, Philomena is one of this year's highlights.
One of the best purely British films of the year.
I think this is a really good film. You've got to admire Steve Coogan for the projects he takes on.
