This hedonistic japery is shot through with middle-aged melancholy and the fear of death.
If it's your cup of tea, you're likely to spill it from laughing so hard. Somebody send these two on another holiday.
It's that melancholy within each man that saves the film from disposability.
The Trip to Italy doesn't feel entirely new, but there's comfort in familiarity, too.
Where comedy provides the tonic in so many films, it's the hint of reality that pushes in at the edges and changes the pace here. These guys are funny. But they know their longer trip will continue once the last plate of pasta is empty.
If "The Trip to Italy" begins shakily, it ends with expansive bliss ...
Dueling comics and great scenery
Better than the first perhaps because the cultural references are tied more organically to the emotional state of their characters. Or perhaps it's because "The Trip to Italy" is just funnier, tighter, and more focused.
Here's hoping Winterbottom doesn't wait another four years before cooking up a third course.
A tasty food tour film and a buddy road movie, that registers as a pleasing comedy.
Coogan and Brydon are locked into a routine that reliably amuses but, perhaps, one they have mastered too well to examine their own privilege.
Comedy sequel The Trip to Italy is almost exactly like its predecessor The Trip, and for the most part, that's a good thing.
an expanded traveling road show of goofy My Dinner with Andre moments without the pretension of hardcore art-house approach
Is it inappropriate to laugh in the presence of a petrified victim of the volcanic eruption at Pompeii, even if that 'presence' is footage on a movie screen? If you think the answer is 'Yes,' then please avoid 'The Trip to Italy.'
A sadder, more penetrating - yet still very funny - work that may linger in the mind longer than The Trip.
"The Trip to Italy" does feel kind of like a second helping of pasta - just as tasty as the first, but not quite as necessary.
Consists entirely of dueling impressions, food porn, and spirited breakdowns of Alanis Morissette songs. Of course I loved it.
Tagging along with these exaggerated versions of the two stars is just about as enjoyable the second time around.
Leisurely and sublimely sybaritic, filled with irrepressibly clever repartee
In Pompeii they confront their own mortality and Brydon does his man in a box bit, never more appropriately.
Director Michael Winterbottom may entice us with five-course gourmet meals and historic hotel rooms formerly inhabited by Bogie and Garbo, but nothing is as appetizing as watching Coogan and Brydon serving up their rolicking improvisational skills.
