With the introductions and bag-packing out of the way from the first film, the new movie jumps straight into the action and doesn't relent until the cliffhanger ending almost three hours later.
For the casual but compelled moviegoer, The Desolation of Smaug is a fine improvement over the first offering. Tolkien aficionados may feel otherwise.
I'm not an aficionado of J.R.R. Tolkien's wonderworlds and I was bored with the first Hobbit movie. All this is by way of saying I quite liked its sequel and the second in the trilogy.
The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug is another grand entry in the Tolkien saga, raising the emotional and physical stakes while revealing more of the sinister forces that we know will ultimately come to threaten the entire world.
"(There) seems to be more action this time around. It's much more thrilling and is, again, pertinent, necessary action. And the character moments just work better in this installment."
It's these impulses of Jackson (amped up action and crass disrespect for the text) that spoiled the film; there's no let up, no pause for breath, no pause even for meals.
A terrific middle chapter with plenty of action, excitement and fun.
Whatever hiccups there are, Freeman continues to be note-perfect, and Jackson does deliver on the action and builds a great deal of momentum in the final stretch.
Nearly everyone in the film is creaking under the weight of the past.
It's natural to be repelled by Jackson's commercial- and franchise-minded motives ... but, ultimately, he delivers escapist entertainment that functions as the cinematic equivalent of comfort food.
More tightly paced and action-oriented than its predecessor
Even more entertaining than its predecessor, "The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug" continues J.R.R. Tolkien's journey with fleshed-out characters and action sequences that will bring fans back to their beloved Middle Earth.
When Jackson sticks to the game plan Tolkien laid out for him, amazing happens. Yet when Jackson strays like he has during key moments here, you can be forgiven if thought this chapter was titled "The Desolation of Tolkien".
Finally, there is the great Smaug, menacingly voiced by Bennedict Cumberbatch with a mixture of menace and humor.
Serves as the transitional movie between the introduction and the conclusion, but the ending to this movie is too abrupt.
I thoroughly enjoyed the experience of watching the movie, but I felt a bit disengaged with the story, as if it only existed as a device to hold the big pretty visuals together.
