It's smart and droll.
This is a funny, sarky, bang-on portrayal of the freakiness of celeb obsession. The story would sound outrageous - if it wasn't true.
Emma Watson is comedic gold.
Daring to face these often noxious, seemingly empty phenomena on aesthetic terms, and taking on a degree of their flatness and simplicity, Coppola renders them surprisingly substantial.
Five children-four princesses and a prince-run in gentle Angeleno night from enchanted castle to enchanted castle, gathering treasure-beads and raiment and gold and currency-spending themselves afterward on endorphins and coke.
Sofia Coppola directs this true tale about decadent teens run amuck.
Coppola's unflinching portrayal is social commentary disguised as teen fantasy, superbly photographed by the late Harris Savides and with pitch perfect acting, especially from Harry Potter alumnus Emma Watson.
The curve of potential mockery bends toward infinity, yet Coppola restrains her satirical impulse in The Bling Ring, shaking her head ruefully more often than she snickers.
To criticize that the script doesn't go deep enough is to get the point: with all that swag out there for repeat-offenders like Lohan, why shouldn't a girl walk up to an empty house and liberate its contents for the sheer joy of material possession?
It tells of the same sickness as the rest of her work, in other words, but it aims for accessibility instead of sublimity.
The Bling Ring gives you the feeling that you can reach out and slap these zombified teens out of their apathy - unfortunately you're restricted to your seat and to your judgement - Coppola makes you work.
Feather-weight satire of rich teen girls who steal from celebrities...The film is the cinematic equivalent of reading a health warning on the frosting of an over-priced cupcake.
The beauty of Sofia Coppola's intoxicating film that dabbles with celebrity obsession is that it entwines us so completely it its fake culture, that it makes us believe we are part of it
Coppola observes this giddy crime spree with her usual deadpan cool, finding satirical gold everywhere she looks. (Keep an eye out for Hilton's face on her own sofa cushions.)
