Nice comedic work from Sam Rockwell and Allison Janney buoys this pleasant but routine coming-of-age drama by Nat Faxon and Jim Rash.
This film's masterstroke is showing everything from Duncan's point of view, without the traditional cloying narration.
An unexpected yet irresistible cross between Meatballs and The Ice Storm, The Way Way Back just may be the best movie of the summer.
Aiming for a middle path between drama and comedy, "The Way Way Back" is so overloaded with jokes that it could sink in the water hazard, but on the final scorecard, sure enough, it's in the hole.
An astoundingly sweet, lovable, immensely enjoyable little film that hits all the right notes as you're watching it thanks to its excellent cast.
The story has some of the lighthearted fun a boy should have working for a fun-loving boss and enjoying the company of a hot girlfriend, but he should be having a lot more fun than this.
If you're first act was writing the Oscar winning screenplay for "The Descendants," looking for an encore can be tough. But Nat Faxon and Jim Rash leveraged that win and made the leap to directing their own small-budget, bighearted coming of age comedy.
"The Way Way Back" is a sharply written comedy that's full of wise and wise-guy moments.
The Way Way Back is a real crowd-pleasing charmer that breaks free of its familiar trappings with consistent humor and personal touches.
Funny, touching and irresistibly charming, The Way, Way Back is a coming-of-age comedy that gets the pains and joys and, above all, awkwardness of adolescence spot on.
More charm and original laughs than most recent coming-of-age films...overcomes its contrived formula (dysfunctional adults, kids as victims) aided greatly by Rockwell.
Not a subtle film, but honest, intelligent and very funny.
The most inspiring example of how to nurture confident responsibility in the young since Clint Eastwood's seminal Gran Torino (2009).
Sam Rockwell makes the biggest splash with a sizzling supporting performance. Not only is he naturally funny, but he has the great ability to make every sharp line of dialogue sound freshly improvised.
Collette and Carell endow their characters with poignancy and authenticity, while Rockwell and Janney are superb at wringing every possible bit of humour out of the sparky dialogue.
Never mind the text; feel the texture.
For all the longueurs, there are still enough moments of near brilliance to sustain you through the trip.
An especially strong script gives actors plenty to chew on in this comedy-drama, in which writer-directors Faxon and Rash (The Descendants) take an observant look at the awkward connections we make with each other.
Warm, funny - and even fresh.
