Rom-com tropes like the ''meet-cute'' are so tired that you can't just spoof them -- you have to spoof the spoofs, which this winking David Wain-Michael Showalter parody mostly succeeds at doing.
Wain's film is both a takedown and a tribute: As with his summer-camp-movie spoof Wet Hot American Summer, you walk away with a renewed love for the genre.
I never stopped smirking as I watched the movie. But I would have traded all of it for half-a-dozen genuine smiles.
Hopefully will shame a few screenwriters into not writing that next Jessica Biel-Ashton Kutcher film.
They Came Together is here to kill romantic comedies, and yet, it's five years too late, like a Terminator who hasn't accounted for daylight savings.
It nails the romantic comedy spoof perfectly, to the point that even if you hate rom coms you can still enjoy it for its skewering of them.
The end result finds you abruptly flitting between laughter and disinterest, but is ultimately a rewarding enough experience.
The film-makers highlight just how formulaic most romcoms are in their attitudes toward everything from race (they're invariably about white couples) to class and such stock types as angry ex-husbands.
David Wain's funny and well observed spoof romcom maintains its observational rigour from first to last, looking eerily just like just the kind of film it's sending up ...
Reinforcing the very rom-com tropes it's sending up, this is a little too postmodern for its own good. Happily, Poehler and Rudd are as irresistible as ever.
Writer-director David Wain proves that he's one of the finest comedy filmmakers working right now.
Solidly funny and blisteringly smart, this is not your average Date Movie.
How do you spoof a genre that's already a joke? Filmmakers David Wain and Michael Showalter clearly think the answer is to go for broke with a nonstop barrage of silliness, because some of the jokes are bound to stick.
"They Came Together" proves that spoof humor can still be quick and funny, and not have to consistently reach for the lowest common denominator. The wait was worth it.
Adorable, acidly funny and absurd in equal measures, this bouncy, gag-packed romcom spoof ain't quite as funny as it thinks. But when Paul meets Amy, they'll have you at 'Hello'...
