Mr. Goldthwait gives us lovely, buttery daylight scenes, nicely relaxed leads and dialogue that pays attention to fluctuating gender dynamics.
The parts are greater than the whole, but there's a lot to like here, including the easy interplay between the leads.
He may be seriously slumming by putting a modern spin on 1972's The Legend Of Boggy Creek, but at least Goldthwait's done his homework.
A found-footage horror cheapie that turns out to be its creator's warmest, most satisfying work.
Bobcat Goldthwait's effective yet wholly unnecessary contribution to the genre of horror movies allegedly recovered from the hard drives of dead cameramen.
Willow Creek doesn't take us anywhere new -- the climax is abrupt and unsatisfying -- but it's a whole lot of jarring, juddering fun while it lasts.
Willow Creek is the best found footage shocker in ages, a statement that speaks volumes about the floundering genre.
A wonderful turn of the found footage sub-genre that watches like a part found footage movie, and part documentary shoot that took a turn in to hell.
Goldthwait's made a film that's half kitschy American road trip, half straight chiller and his two leads ably switch tone, just as Goldthwait's film seems to be warning that we should beware the embrace of cultish legends as entertainment.
"Willow Creek" a canny horror film and a derivative one, but as a reminder of the power of suggestion, the unseen dwarfing even the grandest budgets, prodding our imagination and chills us to the bones.
One senses that Goldthwait penned the Willow Creek script not so much to indulge in genre elements (which he handles with a pro's touch) but more to explore the emotional intimacy between the leads.
Willow Creek isn't a joke. It's not a satire. It's an actual found footage horror movie that centers on Bigfoot... and it's actually scary.
Willow Creek is an unexpectedly restrained and atmospherically effective slow burn.
The two actors establish a realistic chemistry, and the otherwise familiar movie cranks up the tension by exploiting common fears.
It's damn good. Believe it... [Willow Creek is] a break-up movie, really; just one in which a mysterious monster assists in the breaking.
Willow Creek is Goldthwait flexing a whole new set of film-making muscles and he proves that there's some life left in the found footage genre.
It's smaller in scope and horror ambition, which automatically makes it more enjoyable than most of its brethren, creating a mix of local color and camping disaster that's basic but frightfully effective.
"Willow Creek" is a defiant slow burn.
One of the best things about Willow Creek is that it represents someone's unwavering vision, and in today's commodity oriented movie marketplace, that's unusual indeed.
The final 20 minutes of the film prove once again that what you can't see is infinitely more frightening than what you can..leaves you goosey and tense.
