As both thrilling spectacle and escapist summer entertainment, World War Z is enormously effective, with Brad Pitt at the center hopscotching the globe in search of the origin of a zombie apocalypse.
Pitt conducts himself manfully throughout the proceedings -- he is never less than believable while facing off against this pandemic -- but if I never see another zombie in the movies, I will not feel deprived.
World War Z hits the blockbuster equivalent of a delicate balance: gargantuan spectacle with a human touch.
World War Z is far from perfect, but Marc Forster generates enough tension to compensate.
The film works mainly on the performances of Pitt, and a strong ensemble cast that lend some credibility to a somewhat disjointed script.
World War Z is a string of unrelenting, harrowing sequences that continually manage to top one another.
Danny Boyle (28 Days Later) and Edgar Wright (Shaun of the Dead) did so much more with less nearly a decade ago.
There are two distinct films here and both are successful on their own terms, but more gritty survivalist story over world-spanning question resolution would have been preferable.
That it never quite coheres is the point.
Despite all appearances, World War Z isn't really a zombie movie. It's a disaster movie, one in which the agent of apocalypse just happens to be walking (and running) human corpses, rather than glaciers or a meteor strike.
World War Z is a surprisingly entertaining, yet slightly generic zombie picture that shows promising scope and globe-trotting action, but suffers from too many genre cliches.
I always hate the shaky camera style but I think Marc Forster is better at it than Paul Greengrass. It's his editing... I guess I just speak Forster.
The ultimate strength of World War Z is its ability to consistently create ticking-clock situations for its characters after laying out very specific parameters.
Carried by Pitt's performance, "World War Z" is a sometimes intense story of the rise of the undead.
Despite speculation predicting an on-screen disaster, this is a rather thrilling and fun big-budget zombie film let down by the re-shot finale.
World War Z is often suspenseful and exciting even in the midst of clashing cinematic styles that were often incongruous but somehow come together eventually.
... Somehow ends up being an effective action-thriller.
