At the heart of the problem with this movie are matters of logic and cogency.
The many strands of this amiable yet overstuffed romantic comedy don't hang together, though each, on its own, has a modest charm.
What is most distressing about Admission is that it serves as further evidence that Tina Fey, despite her dominance of the small screen, has not yet mastered the big one.
This is certainly an interesting idea, though the movie is badly handicapped by Fey, who must venture beyond her usual snippiness into scenes of genuine poignancy and proves unequal to the task.
Granted, this is not automatic laugh-riot material, nor should it be, but didn't Fey recognize how hackneyed it all is?
What's a romantic comedy to do when it is neither romantic nor comedic? When that film is Admission, it plunges forward drunkenly, hoping to overcome its inadequacies with goodwill created by the cast.
Overstays its welcome before petering out unremarkably.
Princeton must have thought this film could help its reputation. It's more likely to increase applications to Yale, Harvard and MIT.
Given two options, Admission routinely takes the less interesting of the two, and wastes a great deal of on-screen talent in the process.
Have you ever wondered how the admission procedure functions in Ivy League universities? No, me neither.
There are chuckles and moving moments, just not enough of them.
Intermittently sharp but often dully over-extended.
Romantic and family complications ensue but nothing especially memorable or purposeful. Or funny.
It is ... perilously short on laughs, and the few that do come are generated by Lily Tomlin as the heroine's ferociously feminist mother.
Admission wants to win a place in our hearts, but after 108 minutes of relatively hard labour the majority of viewers probably won't let it in.
The comic material really isn't there, and the plot transitions feel forced and uncomfortable ...
The movie subverts expectations, and not in a good way, by seeming in a dither about its own identity.
This is comedy with zero pulse.
The tone is uneven, the central romance is unconvincing and it's disappointingly low on actual laughs.
The themes are important, even if in this Hollywood laundering they are sloshed about in love suds and clattered by uneven comedy spins.
