The film's reliance on female nudity for edge seems approximately as ancient as the withered hag who keeps trying to get it on with Corddry.
[It] rarely dares to be smart, settling instead for familiar gags that would have the Devil himself yawning.
A film that's less than half as funny as its predecessor, and a sliver as clever as the original.
This offensive, crass pastiche makes "Grown Ups 2" look like a paragon of wit and good taste.
There are genre satires, and then there are dumb comedies that wish they could qualify for that status.
A slog through improv run amok -- a film that seems allergic toward anything that might be construed as a legitimate throughline, lest that somehow be interpreted as 'selling out,' and not subversive enough.
Given the talent involved, it's a project that sounds promising (if maybe more than slightly derivative), but it winds up an unfortunate misfire.
The jaw drops at the drought of laughs in the horror spoof "Hell Baby," especially considering the massive amount of comic talent in front of and behind the cameras.
I can't say I didn't laugh during Hell Baby. I just didn't laugh as much as I would have liked to, or as much as I expected to.
Everything about it stinks, from the sophomoric writing to the sleep-inducing performances. But even more frightening is the feeling that the torture being inflicted by the writing-directing team of Robert Ben Garant and Thomas Lennon will never end.
Certainly isn't the worst horror comedy of all time (see Transylmania)... But most of it is still pretty bad.
It soon becomes apparent that the filmmakers, many of whom worked together on "The State" and "Reno 911!", aren't committed to their film's main conceit.
Garant and Lennon's attempts at humor are absolutely terrible. It's as though they have no idea what comedy is or how it works. This results in a series of gags that they must think are hilarious, but are actually extremely sad and cringe-worthy.
In the end, the level of delirium is addictive. Getting there, however, is a challenge which may or may not be worth your time.
It's all very goofy and gleefully performed, but it's difficult to figure out exactly what Garant and Lennon want from Hell Baby.
