The chillingly gung-ho darkness that Johnson lends his comic riffs would be the story, if only the director, Luke Greenfield, didn't play the movie solely for laughs, which are few and far between.
This notion might have worked perfectly well in sketch form, but stretched out to feature length - in a film that's overlong at nearly two hours - it grows thin, repetitive and wearying.
Let's be clear: No one should choose this movie. It's a title in search of a plot. It could also have been called Let's Be Funnier, Let's Be Directed, Let's Be 15 to 30 Minutes Shorter, Let's Be 22 Jump Street.
"You've been watching too many movies," says a detective (Andy Garcia) during an interrogation in "Let's Be Cops." The same could be said for the filmmakers, who hit predictable beats in this disposable comedy.
None of this is as riotously zany as it wants to be.
Let's earnestly hope there is no sequel.
After a fairly solid start, Let's Be Cops melts down into a sludge of sub-Sandler-esque shenanigans that slows the flow of laughs to a trickle.
At this point Let's Be Cops loses much of its humour and starts looking like a film Liam Neeson will turn up in any time soon. That's a pity because the first half, about two doofuses playing police, is funny and occasionally sharp.
...increasingly idiotic but sporadically humourous....
You pretty much know what to expect with Let's Be Cops, it's juvenile and that's what makes it fun...for a while.
Released the week of the Ferguson shooting, the film seemed poised to probe the raw nerves of America's love-hate relationship with law enforcement. Unfortunately, the spoofery of police power soon gives way to formula comedy and be-all-you-can-be uplift.
This is pre-adolescent humour. I'm sorry. I don't mean to be rude to pre-adolescents.
The depressingly putrid level of mainstream Hollywood comedy these days is on display in LET'S BE COPS.
There's only so far you can take this concept and I quickly grew tired of the crude, endless chatter between the two leading characters.
... more interested in poking fun at real-life cops instead of appreciating them, which wouldn't be such a bad idea if it was actually funny.
Pendulums between addle-brained frathouse cops-on-charade shtick and blandly sober let's-pretend-we're-not-in-some-bad-movieland-fantasy. You'll suffer from PTSD (Post-Terrible Story Disorder) and wish you'd worn a s**tproof vest.
Police Academy 6: City Under Siege has long been regarded as the worst ever cop comedy. That questionable honour, however, is now under threat from this criminally unfunny satire.
Rarely as fun as one might've hoped...
Short prison sentences for all involved would seem fair.
The dopey duo have a few decent lines, though Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum already showed us how to do the pseudo-cop routine in the Jump Street pictures.
Let's Be Cops, in three depressingly simple words, at least gives value for money: a title, a studio pitch, a high-concept plot summary, and an apt example of the astonishingly low bar this film aspires to.
Let's Be Cops is a stinker on just about every conceivable level.
