The movie goes nowhere, and Ms. Cody's screenplay is relentlessly talky while standing still.
Cody's satiric knocks on Christians couldn't be more blundering and obvious. Yet her dialogue is often funny, and the unusual three-way friendship is refreshing.
Cody has concocted a modern-day "Alice Through the Looking Glass," with none of the danger or wit.
The problems with "Paradise," Diablo Cody's first directing effort and fourth produced screenplay, begin almost immediately ...
Cody is an intermittently wonderful screenwriter but the fully realized characters and silver-needle wit of "Juno" and "Young Adult" are nowhere to be found in her debut as writer/director.
Paradise is far from a bad start, but it's not the introduction Cody was probably capable of making.
"Paradise" is a very bland and forgettable film, which is not something you expect from Diablo Cody even on her bad days.
To me, a film about Las Vegas should never be boring. And that's what disappoints me most about 'Paradise.'
Savagely satirizing evangelical culture while pretty much not substituting anything else - unless you count Vegas as the proposed cure in question - in Juno screenwriter Diablo Cody's directing debut. In other words, sorry Paradise, you're no Juno.
Wild Vegas night of drinking, self-discovery is so-so.
Hough sleepwalks through Cody's worst effort to date as a writer and only supporting turns by the always-game Russell Brand and never-bad Octavia Spencer save the film from being a strong candidate for the worst of the year. It still comes close.
An intriguing premise, but the execution is a bit faulty, and it doesn't ultimately add up to much.
Julianne Hough and Octavia Spencer give it their all, but uncharacteristically dismal writing from Diablo Cody leaves Paradise dead in the water.
Paradise may be a movie paved with good intentions, but between its meandering nature, surface exploration of religion and roster of forgettable characters, it's more like motion-picture perdition.
Diablo Cody has a new movie... but you'd hardly know it was her work, for all the bite it lacks.
Diablo Cody should've written a better script for her directing debut, or at least used her Oscar-winning instincts to not choose this one... isn't in the same snarky-lark league as Juno, nor as comically raw as Young Adult.
A Vegas-set dramedy that begins as a spikey comedy only to evolve into precisely the kind of banal, self-improvement seminar that one of Cody's edgy heroines would snark endlessly through.
Some laughs and nice performances, but Diablo Cody's directorial debut -- affecting in spots -- too often reveals its shaky, obvious underpinnings.
Most everyone's very nice and pleasant and it's all extremely boring, about as flavorful as dry toast.
