The title says it all in this cheap, laborious junior heist thriller from British B-movie journeyman Julian Gilbey.
A frothy little heist movie from Britain that starts off with great promise, only to devolve midway into an empty derivative shell of a film.
For a film with shootouts, heists, and high-speed chases, Julian Gilbey's Plastic is a strangely lifeless affair.
All champagne and strippers, conspicuous consumption and witless machismo, Plastic is a contemporary British heist movie that already feels dated, as if it were made before the bubble burst on Guy Ritchie's comic book gangster voyeurism.
A wholly derivative, uninspired heist caper that isn't worth your investment.
Highly-stylized piffle designed to titillate and satiate bloodlust while slowly turning your brain to mush!
This is a film that should either be a fun caper comedy or a thoughtful dramatic exploration on the dangers of engaging in fraud. By trying to be both, it ends up being neither.
Plastic doesn't simply describe the method of fraud employed by the characters, but the level of cinematic craftsmanship as well.
The story depicted here is remarkable but uneven production values and a couple of dodgy American accents spoil it.
Starts with a whimper and ends with several bangs, passing umpteen snores en route.
A nasty streak of casual sexism runs through an already unpleasant and absurdly far-fetched film.
Where do you start with a film as spectacularly awful as Plastic?
Lazy filmmaking undermines this sparky caper thriller, from paper-thin characters and convenient plot points to limp direction and corny editing. This is a real shame, because the bright rising-star cast brings real energy to the weak material.
Preposterous and charmless, this heist flick purports to be based on a true story and hopes to invoke a Robin Hood vibe, but I'm not buying any of it.
A rather plodding and simplistic crime film that despite its slick locations and action-moments lacks the charm and energy to help it stand out.
There's the occasional bit of energy and flash to this geezery caper from director and co-writer Julian Gilbey, but it's let down by the Hollyoaks acting and humourless unbelievability.
Imagine The Inbetweeners starring in a low-rent Brit imitation of American Hustle, having first undergone a collective personality transplant.
Even the unintentional laughs eventually give way to groans of disdain. Don't be conned into seeing it.
