Pretty much everything in this South Korean co-production is slightly undercooked, lacking the same degree of sprightly wit or dramatic punch regularly found in A-list studio product.
The whole thing looks like a video game you'd rather not play.
The bottom line: Kids may be mildly amused by The Nut Job, but adults accompanying them won't find much to capture their interest.
Only a multilevel chase sequence involving Surly and some glowing-eyed street rats has any real kinetic excitement, and the supporting characters lack visual distinction.
"The Nut Job" features muddy-colored and often ugly animation, a plot that feels too stretched out and loaded with details to hold the attention of most children, and more flatulence jokes than anyone deserves.
Children under seven will enjoy the slapstick nature of the fun and the irresistible Gangnam Style end credits sequence [but] parents might question why a film of this nature needs to feature humans using guns.
This week's talking-animal toon is bad enough to cause an allergic reaction in anyone above the age of five. Everyone else is advised to take along two peanuts, one for each ear.
Small, undemanding children might find this distracting; small, tree-hopping rodents may be mortally offended.
The good name of Canadian-South Korean animated co-productions has been sullied forever.
A promising set-up and a decent voice cast aren't enough to elevate this child-friendly animated caper.
Endless wordplay and dumb slapstick do not a rewarding animation make. Pun-ishing.
Makes as little of its furry leads as it does of its '50s setting.
DreamWorks' 2006 film Over the Hedge scampered through similar terrain with far slyer gags in its cheeks.
The scriptwriters don't exactly deliver an embarrassment of riches in the joke department ... Unless you're a sucker for rodent farts, in which case they come up trumps.
This is chiefly about the spectacle and the gags, which aren't frequent or original enough to compete with the likes of Pixar.
I'm not entirely sure who to blame for the muddled plot but I'm pointing a finger at the Koreans.
As a CG-rendered Psy launches into a rendition of 'Gangnam Style' you'll be rushing straight for the exit.
The Nut Job feels like an archly contrived excuse to justify the groaning pun of the title.
